.TH PJLINK 1 "February 2016" "pjlink" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
pjlink \- communicate with projectors through pjlink protocol

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pjlink
\-h
.br
.B pjlink
[\-p PROJECTOR] COMMAND [COMMAND_ARG [COMMAND_ARG ...]]

.SH DESCRIPTION
Pjlink is a tool to interoperate with data projectors through the industry
standard pjlink protocol.


.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Show help message and exit

.TP
\fB\-p\fR PROJECTOR, \fB\-\-projector\fR=PROJECTOR
Hostname and port where the projector is listening.
.br
Must be in the form HOST[:PORT]. If PORT is omitted it defaults to 4352.

.SS Commands

.TP
\fBpower\fR [ on | off ]
Without argument, get projector power status.
.br
With argument, set projector power accordingly.


.TP
\fBinput\fR [ SOURCE_TYPE INPUT_NUMBER ]
.br
With no arguments, query projector about active input source.
.br
With arguments, set active input source to number INPUT_NUMBER of type
SOURCE_TYPE.
.br
SOURCE_TYPE muse be one of: VIDEO, DIGITAL, NETWORK, RGB, STORAGE.


.TP
\fBinputs\fR
.br
Query projector about available input sources.


.TP
\fBinfo\fR
.br
Query projector for general info.

.TP
\fBlamps\fR
.br
Query projector about lamps lighting hour.

.TP
\fBerrors\fR
.br
Query projector about detected errors.


.TP
\fBmute\fR [ video | audio | all]
.br
Without arguments, get project audio and video mute status.
With argument, mute video and/or audio.

.TP
\fBunmute\fR [ video | audio | all]
.br
Without arguments, get project audio and video mute status.
With argument, unmute video and/or audio.



.SH "SEE ALSO"
Pjlink protocol:
.br
http://pjlink.jbmia.or.jp/english/data/5-1_PJLink_eng_20131210.pdf


.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Bugs tracking is on github:
.br
https://github.com/gaetano-guerriero/pypjlink


.SH AUTHOR
Pjlink was originally written by Peter Ward. This version is mantained by
Gaetano Guerriero.





